Update mailserver docker readme. (#1528)
status-im/status-go: _assets/compose/mailserver/README.md

* `make stop` - Stops the container.
* `make show` - Shows you current status of the container.
* `make logs` - Shows you logs of the container.
* `make config` - Creates `config.json` with your Public IP.

> * `make enode` - Shows your currently running container's enode.

Reviewer: Clunky wording, better:
>Shows `enode://` address of the container.

Author: Much fixed

Your enode address is:
enode://dccd2f3c1df42c23af6672df28f287893ab70a5d45668637576a759b6db10b83e83fc02598f36c80ac094fbf8621419153cfe539f56d278ab099da21800f880c@127.0.0.1:30303
```

# F.A.Q.

### Should I change the `MailServerPassword` in the `WhisperConfig` section for better security?

> This password is only used to symmetrically secure history requests. It is not used to secure messages or authorize users in any way. It's only purpose is to add another layer of encryption for whisper communication between whisper peers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This password is only used to symmetrically secure history requests. It is not used to secure messages or authorize users in any way. Whisper protocol requires each messages to be encrypted so a client and mailserver needs to agree on some password.
```

Author: Done
